README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  Alassane WADE 1st Mobile-App
</h1>

"⢀⡋⣡⣴⣶⣶⡀⠄⠄⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣴⣿⣿⣿⢃⣤⣄⣀⣥⣿⣿ "

<img width="1306" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-15 at 8 29 18 PM" src="https://github.com/alassane8/Mobile-App/blob/main/mobile-app/Capture.PNG">

In this repsitory, you have access to the battlshimy first mobile application that I developped using, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Next.js.
# Instructions 
To use the Mobile-App follow the instructions below:

## 1. Install Visual Studio Code
If you haven't already installed Visual Studio Code, you can download it from the official website: https://code.visualstudio.com/.

## 2. Install Mobile View
If you haven't already installed Mobile View, you can download it from Visual Studio Code using the Extensions (Ctrl+Shift+X) and type MobileView in the search bar.
For more informations, follow this link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cirlorm.mobileview

## 3. Getting Started
- Clone this github repository on the path of your choice: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/alassane8/Mobile-App.git
```
- Go to the Mobile-App repository :
```bash
cd Mobile-App/
```
- Go to the mobile-app folder :
```bash
cd mobile-app/
```
- Open Visual Studio Code:
```bash
code .
```
- Run the following command (Make sure you opened Visual Studio Code before runnig those commands) :
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```
- Go to the Visual Studio Code page previously opened :
You can click on the "phone" icon in the left sibebar tray. Once you have done that, you will see a menu open, then click on "Use iPhone X" from the menu. You'll now see a text input box open.
Enter the url [http://localhost:3000/home](http://localhost:3000/home) and press "Enter".

Commit message:

feat: update README.md mobile app for Plantio

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  Alassane WADE 1st Mobile-App
</h1>

"⢀⡋⣡⣴⣶⣶⡀⠄⠄⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣴⣿⣿⣿⢃⣤⣄⣀⣥⣿⣿ "

In this repsitory, you have access to my first mobile application. Plantio is an application that allows the user to check the satte of it's plants. 

# Instructions 
To use the Mobile-App follow the instructions below:

## 1. Install Visual Studio Code
If you haven't already installed Visual Studio Code, you can download it from the official website: https://code.visualstudio.com/.

## 2. Install Mobile View
If you haven't already installed Mobile View, you can download it from Visual Studio Code using the Extensions (Ctrl+Shift+X) and type MobileView in the search bar.
For more informations, follow this link: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=cirlorm.mobileview

## 3. Getting Started
- Clone this github repository on the path of your choice: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/alassane8/Mobile-App.git
```
- Go to the Mobile-App repository :
```bash
cd Mobile-App/
```
- Go to the mobile-app folder :
```bash
cd mobile-app/
```
- Open Visual Studio Code:
```bash
code .
```
- Run the following command (Make sure you opened Visual Studio Code before runnig those commands) :
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```
- Go to the Visual Studio Code page previously opened :
You can click on the "phone" icon in the left sibebar tray. Once you have done that, you will see a menu open, then click on "Use iPhone X" from the menu. You'll now see a text input box open.
Enter the url [http://localhost:3000/home](http://localhost:3000/home) and press "Enter".
